{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue31;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c16471\c16471\c16471;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
These scripts implement the uniform stress drop slip inversion method (Ustress) implemented by 
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sun et al. (2011) and Ching et al. (2011) and Chuang et al. (2013). 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 In this method, coseismic slip is computed assuming uniform stress drop on a fault plane with unknown geometry and unknown area of the fault plate that is allowed to slip. \
\
NOTE:  This code will run MUCH faster if you replace disloc3d.m with a mex version.  To compile the Mex version, go to the dc3d folder and at the command line run: >> mex dc3d.f disloc3d.f.  You will need to have a fortran compiler set up and recognized by Matlab. Place the generated mex file in the tools folder. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
The main program to run is main.m. But first, you must prepare data files and the Input_file.m script. Data files should be placed in the data folder. The file formats are described in Input_file.m \
\
You should modify (and probably rename) the Input_file.m script.  You can include one or more data sets. This file also specifies parameters that are to be fixed and parameters that are to be estimated as well as imposed bounds on parameters. Follow the instructions in Input_file.m. \
\
After preparing data and Input_file.m, run main.m to compute the MCMC inversion.  The script will compute approximate completion time. You do not need to run the inversion to completion. At any point you can terminate the inversion with Control-C. Outputs of the MCMC inversion are written to text files in the MCMC_output folder. \
\
After running main.m, you can visualize the results using plot_results.m.  This script produces some very simple plots. \
\
\
To illustrate the code, synthetic data sets are provided in the data folder and Input_file.m is set up to load the synthetic data. You should be able to run the synthetic inversion by simply executing main.m.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
Reference:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sun, J., Johnson, K. M., Cao, Z., Shen, Z., B\'fcrgmann, R., & Xu, X. (2011). Mechanical constraints on inversion of coseismic geodetic data for fault slip and geometry: Example from InSAR observation of the 6 October 2008 Mw 6.3 Dangxiong\uc0\u8208 Yangyi (Tibet) earthquake.\'a0
\f2\i Journal of Geophysical Research: Solid Earth
\f1\i0 ,\'a0
\f2\i 116
\f1\i0 (B1).\
\
Ching, K. E., Johnson, K. M., Rau, R. J., Chuang, R. Y., Kuo, L. C., & Leu, P. L. (2011). Inferred fault geometry and slip distribution of the 2010 Jiashian, Taiwan, earthquake is consistent with a thick-skinned deformation model.\'a0
\f2\i Earth and Planetary Science Letters
\f1\i0 ,\'a0
\f2\i 301
\f1\i0 (1-2), 78-86.\
\
Chuang, R. Y., Johnson, K. M., Wu, Y. M., Ching, K. E., & Kuo, L. C. (2013). A midcrustal ramp\uc0\u8208 fault structure beneath the Taiwan tectonic wedge illuminated by the 2013 Nantou earthquake series.\'a0
\f2\i Geophysical Research Letters
\f1\i0 ,\'a0
\f2\i 40
\f1\i0 (19), 5080-5084.}